Ethernet Packet Generator using IPv4


An Ethernet packet generator is a product that generates a series of packets that can be utilized by an emulator platform to generate traffic on DUT ports. The Ethernet Traffic Generator supports a wide range of copper and optical Gigabit Ethernet and 10/40/100-Gigabit Ethernet modules, as well as the emulation of the Ethernet protocol with the PHY layer for the user. Layer4 and Layer3 completely programmable packets are also supported by Ethernet Traffic Generator. 
The Internet Protocol is the Internet Protocol Suite's internet layer protocol that specifies and enables internetworking. It employs a logical addressing system and performs routing, which entails transmitting packets from a source host to the next router on the network that is one hop closer to the intended destination host. IPv4 is a data link protocol that uses a best-effort delivery approach, which means it does not guarantee delivery or ensure adequate sequencing or avoid duplicate transmission. Internet Protocol version 4 an IP packet consists of a Header section and a Data section. IPv4 uses a 32-bit address space which provides 4,294,967,296 (232) unique addresses, but large blocks are reserved for special networking purposes.

In this project, the Ethernet packet for IPv4 is generated. Internet Protocol version 4 an IP packet consists of a Header section and a Data section. An IP packet has no data checksum or any other footer after the data section. Typically the link-layer encapsulates IP packets in frames with a CRC footer that detects most errors, many transport-layer protocols carried by IP also have their error checking. To transmit 100 bytes of data 32 bit data input was used and the receiver received the data accordingly.  
